 - "Le Chaos Des Quatre Saisons" is a mod that you can play ONLY with Mario and 1P! No 2P allowed!!! This is cheating.

 * While the mod is hard, please, try your best to beat it without save states. The mod is not reaching difficulty like other Super Kaizo Galaxy mods do, but it will still pose a
  challenge, I can assure that. Save states won't be considered cheating, like for my main mods.

 * The only playable Galaxy is the Hungry Luma of Terrace, which is normally Sweet Sweet Galaxy. If you try to find a way to play another galaxy by switching save files or modding
  yourself, just know that everything else is vanilla.

 * The mod is English only. While there is some lore here and there, I decided to keep English only.


  -> This mod countains 6 Stars (3 Main Stars + 3 Secret Stars). This is for the 1st Anniversary of Blue Eclipse, and this Galaxy was one of the ideas that got scrapped for Blue
   Eclipse, as I didn't have enough knowledge or skill to make a fully customable Galaxy until the full end.

     Thanks to Jhay, Mystic and Pamsy for answering me which Galaxy they were the most interested in - this was Jhay's choice, while Mystic and Pamsy chose another Galaxy that will
   appear in Red Sun!

     Thanks to PKSMG2 for the quick help for Fonts change!
     Thanks to Bu1626 for allowing me to use the Dry Ice planet without the platform on it!

     Thanks to TheMagicCactus and KOBuS to let me use their Snow Leaf planet for the second star of my mod. I appreciate it a ton!
     Thanks to TheMagicCactus as well for the logo as well. He is a great friend! <3

     Finally, thanks a ton to VTXG for creating TicoKit, allowing us to have way more options for SMG1 modding, like putting musics wherever we want, custom Galaxies,...!




(A cycle at the end of Star 1 can be broken if you didn't die before. It doesn't break the level or make it harder, but just so you know!)
(For Star 3, when you reach the sand planet, please die in the sand so the end of the level might look the best possible. You don't have to count it in your death counter if you do one.)